http://dndspeak.com/2018/05/100-jobs-posted-to-a-tavern-community-board/

**r/EdgeeunnersNeeded**
Wanted Dead or Alive - Bonecusher, Animals Lt in South Night City. Armed and extremly dangerous. Reward: 2500eb dead, 5000eb alive
Pigeon Wranglers Needed! Some jerks smashed my coop and now 100 pigeons are loose. 100eb per piegeon reward. (All pigeons are 'shine birds')
Vampire killed my sister! Help!
Book store needs help. I've got a shipment of real paper books coming in next week and need help unloading them. 150eb pay.
Exterminator Needed!!! Those damn racoons are back!!! (
FOOD TESTERS NEEDED! We at Barringtion Bakery are looking for subjects for our NEW combat kibble. We infuse our kibble with all the viatiumns, minerals, and electrolytes a growing merc needs. And it tastes good too!
Lost Arrow: While practicing with his bow, my son (Oliver) lost his trophy arrow (he was not suppsoed to use). He was praticing ont he roof and thinks it went into the Hot Zone. Please retrieve this arrow. Contect for reward amount.
The Vulgar Guinea Pig is looking for a Rocker to entertain the crowds on Thursday nights. Pay: 50eb a night and bottomless drinks.
The NUSA army needs your skills! Join today fight the good fight & see the world.
Hot Zone revocery: Hi friends, some of my prototypes are still stuck in my old shop. Please help me get them back. I'm a Tech and can pay you in services. (Workshop = Kobold Konundrums)
Family Boostergangers! My son and his 2 friends left home to become gangers. Is is not acceptable! Find them and teach them the error of their ways. Reward if they return. MUST BE ALIVE!!!
Come join the first annunal bucket festival! Bring a bucket and your favorite drink to the festival. Meet out back of the condemned building for South Night City. You know the one, you've seen it in your dreams!
WHO AM I!?!?!?!?!? I woke up in a gutter this morning out side of the Not-Tell-Motel on Hill street. I do not remember who I am, where I am from, what my name is, anything. I have a credchip with a large amount of ebs on it. If you assist me, I would be happy to compensate you, for it seem whoever I am, it is a woman of means.
FIRST CLASS MALE! Speak to Dorian for informations.
Horsebreackers needed! The chipware I bought for them turned out to be fake so I need people to help teach them to ride. The job is successful if you can get the horse to calmly accept rider and simple orders. 200eb per horse and maybe other rewards ;)